Fixing channel count (#2927)
GetStream/stream-chat-android: CHANGELOG.md

## stream-chat-android-client
### 🐞 Fixed

> - Fixed bug related to wrong count of unread messages when socket connected is not available.[#2927](https://github.com/GetStream/stream-chat-android/pull/2927)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed bug related to the wrong unread messages count when a socket connection is not available. [#2927](https://github.com/GetStream/stream-chat-android/pull/2927)
```
